# Research-Handover
This project is my honours research peoject theis and the topic is Microgrid Digital Twin. This repository includes all the required files including my final thesis and also all the required simulation files to run the microgrid Digtal Twin Simulation. I have uploaded all the required simulation files on my google drive and can be downloaded by using the link below:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1XAyyI56xfDa10H7-6-KJvGM85BX9sZPl?usp=sharing

The first step is to download the simulation files from the google drive and also you must be having the latest version of Unity 3D installed. Thesse files eun on the latest version of Unity 3D i.e. version 2020.3.4f1, which could be downloaded from the Unity hub, if you are unable to downlod the required version then unity will also give you an option to change or update the required version or packages of the project and by that you can get it running without any issues. The solder is really haevy almost 402 mb so must have a good internet connection. 
Load the project and then you will be displayed with the simulation which you can run by simply clicking on the run button at the top of the screen. You will then be able to see all the output generated by the solar panels for different load consumers, you can also change to night and the screen will get dark making the solar panels to shift their positions. 
The folder contains the dataset used in the simulation which contains the solar irradiance data as well as te random consumption data. The folder also contains the 2 C# files used to perform all the functions and calculations. 
In this repository you can also find all the keywords and useful papers that might be beneficial to study further about this topic. 
There are some video demonstrations as well that I included in this repository to make the working of simulation more clear.
Future Research directions:
This topic is really new and still under research but this topic is going to be really popular in coming years. These resources could be proved really helful for someone  looking to work on this further. 
